---
layout: post
title: My First Post
date: 2024-12-19 17:30:00
description: This is my first post on this blog.
tags: introduction first-post
categories: general

---


Finals are done, and I should be okay. The CPSC 418 onsite final may be a bit bad, but fortunately, I did very well on the take-home final. I expect to get around 90 (I left a 10-point question blank, but I expect to get full marks on all the other questions).

For CPSC 421, I got some true/false questions wrong, but I should have solved all the other questions perfectly, except for the 5-point question that asked if PSPACE belongs to EXPTIME. I did answer it correctly, but some of my steps may not have been perfect. Anyway, I expect to get at least 80.

The counting problems in CPSC 418 made me frustrated, but I should still be able to get an average grade without too much trouble.

FREN 101 makes me a bit sad, but I should be fine. Especially since my recent grades for participation and the project were not bad.

I have no doubt about FRST 303; I should get around 80 if there are no issues.

So, I only have one term left at UBC in Canada, and then I will return home and finish my last two courses online.

I am still thinking about which courses to take next term. CPSC 440, CPSC 436R, and GERN 304 are already on my mind, but I am still deciding on the last one: CPSC 416 or CPSC 420.

I also need to think about whether I want to take four or five courses next term. If I take five, I will definitely have another arts course.

My current decision is between taking four courses and two online courses or taking five courses and one online course.

Recently, I need to pay close attention to the capital market. Today, I lost $1,000 because I chose to sleep in and didn't sell at 7:30 am. In recent days, I may have more trades than usual because I need to avoid huge losses. The Friday market is very dangerous, but I have no choice now. I just checked the overnight market, and it's a big dip, as expected.

I really need to forget about what others, like Buffett, say and develop my own trading strategy, philosophy, and system. I will sell when the risk goes up and immediately buy back when the risk eases up.

So far, I haven't made any serious mistakes, just like in my academic career. That's good. If I don't make any serious mistakes, like going to UBC, I will eventually find my way.

I'll relax for a few days and prepare for the next term. Oh, and I have realized that I have no talent for FPS games. So, it's over; I'll just watch some pro players' highlights and do what I need to do.